/*--------history---------*/

The Bidding Zone was started January 2007 and located at Brgy. Mandalagan, Bacolod City besides Robinsons Mall. It is a retailing business equipped with a manual process. They just purchased different products from stores and advertise it through a manual bidding system. As the business expand and known by the people, the owner thought of other ways on how he can gain additional income. The owner came up to an idea of opening his business for customers who is interested in bidding their own products.

Soon after, the owner realized that his business cannot handle lots of transactions with the aid of manual processing. The owner decided to have a bidding system through online access. The continuous usage of the online access, the business profit and income has doubled. The Bidding Zone ensures to provide profit not only to the business but also to the buyers and sellers.

/*--------organization---------*/

Our primary purpose is to support and assist in the advancement of Information Technology in the Philippines through innovations in software and systems development, engage in the business of providing Online Bidding Service in the Internet where businesses and consumers sell and buy goods, either through auction or outright purchase and provide a venue online to help facilitate import and export for small and medium enterprises. 

The Online Bidding Service includes Product Registration that protects both the buyer and the seller. Transaction between sellers and buyers can either be business to business, business to consumers, or consumers to consumers.

	Corporation aims to provide profit not only to the company but to the numerous buyers and sellers who will constitute its membership. It will take the lead in the online auction market in the Philippines by developing various options and by providing buyer-centered services and it will do its best to create an image as the most faithful in commercial transactions by fitting in with the culture and environment of the Philippines.
